So next in know utils, I'm going to create a new util class.
And it's going to be an object.
It's called these constants that are good, and I'm going to create a few constants here, so the first
constant is going to be a base URL.
So what is the base URL?
So this is important because we are going to use this with our HTP client, which is retrofit.
So our base, your ours is going to be anything from.
Oops!
Let's go back from there.
Used to pass all the way to our arc like this?
We're going to add the forward slash as well.
So I it gets added there like that.
That's our base, we're going to need that and then I'm going to create Const. Val.
And this is going to be our API.
Key now, this should be your API key, so you will added there.
OK.
Very good.
All right, so next, what are we going to do next?
We are going to set up the actual weather API.
So what is this?
So let's go to our network and our network here.
I'm going to create a new class codling class.
And this is going to be an interface.
Call this weather API, so as an interface, I want to make sure that this is indeed a singleton because
I don't want this to be creating different objects or different instances of itself.
This one should suffice and inside here I'm going to create.
Of course, I want to use our retrofit.
This is the beauty retrofit allows us to do certain things.
So retrofit because we've already added retrofit in our project to this project here as a form of dependency.
I can do something like this.
I'm going to say at say, get, look at this.
You can see this get is from retrofit to actually.
Very good.
So what this allows us to do is, as follow, we can pass certain values, certain parameters.
So retrofit.
10.
Pick up those value to score screamers and do what needs to be done in this case to go fetch data,
right?
All of that is done in the background without us having to do anything manually.
OK.
So for the value here, it's a value.
I'm going to pass what?
Well, I'm going to pass the rest of our.
If you look closely here, we said that the base URL is all the way up to Oracle like that and then
the value going to pass is going to be all the way.
All of this.
Right, in fact, way before the exclamation point there, so all of that.
It's going to be what we're going to pass there.
So it's a rout per se they were retrofit will know to hit in order to get the information.
OK, there we go.
And then, of course, is going to be set inside of us, suspend or not inside, underneath or on top
of underneath it suspend.
This is going to be on top of suspend function, which is going to be get weather like this.
This function will need to receive something right or in this case, it needs to return something right.
What is there is going to be returning?
Well, it's going to be returning this entire payload, as we saw earlier, which is all of this.
And what is all of this quote unquote.
All of this is represented by this object, which we renamed just a few minutes ago.
If we go back to our models or model, they will go whether object.
So this weather object encapsulates all of this.
In fact, to make things even better, I'm going to rename a few things here, so instead of whether
X, this is going to be, let's call this actually a let's change the name here.
So this is going to be.
Let's rename a refactor.
That's going to be whether.
Item.
OK.
And this is going to be whether object this is just.
Renaming everything that way, we don't have issues of whether object, I think this is probably the
best way to mimic everything, OK?
Should be good.
So now what are we saying?
Our whether object it's going to be this, which means it's now going to mimic this whole payload.
That's what we're going to be returning.
Right.
So that means then, OK, let's go back.
Quick of all this, you know, whether API, I'm going to say that this is going to be tiny, whether
object now in order for us to be able to go get something using retrofit in this case, this get whether
it will need to have a few parameters.
What are those parameters?
Well, those are going to be the query types and say at query.
Remember, all of this is retrofit, so make sure you get the query from retrofit like this and going
to pass.
The values that I want to query in this case is going to be a string.
Q What is that coming from?
If you look at when we are looking to pass in a query, there is an exclamation point there and then
Q So that's exactly what will be happening here.
So we say the Q, the query, the Q, well, what is the name going to be?
Well, this is going to be query look, and that's going to be a retrofit query.
And we know it's going to be a string type that we're going to be passing, which is going to be, I
can't remember, it's going to be whatever we pass here.
To query Portland.
Moscow.
Any city you want.
So that is the setting up we're doing here.
So in that case, then what do we need to do next?
Is pass another query at query such remember retrofit query.
And in this case, I'm going to pass the units, which means I want to look at the end here.
The units has to be the same name that has to be passed along, right?
This is very important.
And so for units in this case here, I'm going to say it's going to be what units
and is a string as well.
And because I want to make sure that there is default value here, I'm going to say I want to be imperial
as the default unit.
OK.
We need to pass something else.
Yes, we need to pass the actual app.
So I say query again, retrofit and remember its app ID has to be exactly the same here, app I.D. exactly
as it is there.
Right?
So for query, they're going to say App ID.
Exactly.
Same App ID.
Again, it's going to be a string.
And in this case here, I'm just going to go ahead and pass our constant, which was our API key.
And I believe I think it's say Constance.
They would go or wonderful, Constance, from our app Utils.
Make sure you get that one.
To say API key like this?
OK, so this weather API interface is going to be used with retrofit to be able to know exactly how
to get the information when the get weather is called.
It's going to know that the base URL we created earlier, it's going to be called that.
And then we are going, in fact, that basically we haven't created yet.
But this is the the second structure that is needed to function, right?
So we have this path, if you will, daily and then we pass the cue for the actual city they want to
add.
And then it's going to be retrieved as a variable opacity unit in this case.
Imperial is going to be the default in APD.
Of course, we're going to be API key that we add in all constants.
And of course, it's going to return a weather object, which indeed is all of this.
All right.
OK, so we're not done yet, but at least we're making good progress.